
english plan day 1
------------------------


hello, everyone, good evening, today is tuesday, how are you doing today. it's a little late tonight. My first time's english speaking plan. is anyone are free to talk there?

there is a idea just come into my mind, and it becomes today's topic: 'how do you learn english or why do you learn english?'

well, since that i started this topic, so i gonna be the first one who talked about this. let's ok


i am a software engenieer, so english is company with me in my daily life, of course just include both writting and reading. reading is take 80% maybe. personally, english is especially important for me, because i can't work without it.

that's the first reason that i need learn english and learn it good, at least reading and writting.

but for so many years, i find that i can't speak well in english for that i have no english speaking environment, but now, i have one, have a very good environment, it is a good chance at least for myself, i can practice my oral english. here, thanks for teacher jim. 


i practice reading(not speak out, just read in mind) in my daily working places , practice writting on freenode via weechat and emails, practice listenning by lots of videos, movies and musics. 
last time i went to america, i found out that english speaking is really not a tough thing, all that i need is just open my mouth and express myself, nothing more, but there's need only one condition is that we need env,


ok, that's all!!  anyone wanna share your experience about english ?


thank you all, may you have a good night.


